hey what's up everyone no buzzkill in
here this is going to be a quick
follow-up video to a video I did about
six months ago on the Luminox 30:51
blackout edition polymer watch and I've
got a lot of requests a lot of feedback
on that video a lot of people seem to
really like that watch and I've gotten
several requests to do sort of a six
months after follow-up video on it
so for those of you who didn't see the
video before the real quick and dirty on
this watch is that this is a 1.8 7 ounce
polymer watch polymer-framed watch from
Luminox runs about 219 dollars or so it
has a it runs with blue tritium inserts
on on the dial and I'll put that in
right here so you can see how that glows
it glows actually much brighter than
you'll be able to see in the video here
one of the requests that I got was to
show the watch also on so I'll add that
here as well and after six months of
using this watch I can say I'm just as
happy with it as the day that I got it
actually this is proof to be an
extremely durable watch I've had it
granted mostly getting in and out of a
car and a little bit of running around
here and there and quite a bit outside
as well I banged it up against the side
of my car several times and haven't been
real real friendly with it I've gotten
it wet so on and so forth and at this
point I cannot see any real serious wear
whatsoever on certainly on the watch
frame itself on the watch body itself
and take a closer look here and on even
on the strap this sort of soft extremely
comfortable rubber strap after six
months if
still going strong no cracking no none
of the things that I've experienced with
rubber bands in the past seem to be
happening here so anyway I just wanted
to do a quick follow-up and get in those
respond to those requests that I've had
here recently and and give you a little
bit of a 6 month update so far so good
no complaints whatsoever I'm still
extremely happy with this with this
choice but maybe we'll follow up again
in another six months we'll see how it
goes all right thanks a lot